in those days Hezekiah was sick and near
in those days Hezekiah was sick and near death and Isaiah the prophet the son of
death and Isaiah the prophet the son of
death and Isaiah the prophet the son of Amos went to him and said to him thus
Amos went to him and said to him thus
Amos went to him and said to him thus says the Lord set your house in order
says the Lord set your house in order
says the Lord set your house in order for you shall die and not live when
for you shall die and not live when
for you shall die and not live when Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall
Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall
Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall and pray to the Lord remember now O Lord
and pray to the Lord remember now O Lord
and pray to the Lord remember now O Lord I pray how I have walked before you in
I pray how I have walked before you in
I pray how I have walked before you in truth loyal heart and have done what is
truth loyal heart and have done what is
truth loyal heart and have done what is good in your sight and Hezekiah wept
good in your sight and Hezekiah wept
good in your sight and Hezekiah wept bitterly and the word of the Lord came
bitterly and the word of the Lord came
bitterly and the word of the Lord came to Isaiah go and tell Hezekiah thus says
to Isaiah go and tell Hezekiah thus says
to Isaiah go and tell Hezekiah thus says the Lord the God of David your father I
the Lord the God of David your father I
the Lord the God of David your father I have heard your prayer I have seen your
have heard your prayer I have seen your
have heard your prayer I have seen your tears surely I will add to your days 15
tears surely I will add to your days 15
tears surely I will add to your days 15 years I will deliver you and the city
years I will deliver you and the city
years I will deliver you and the city from the hand of the king of Assyria and
from the hand of the king of Assyria and
from the hand of the king of Assyria and I will defend this city and this is the
I will defend this city and this is the
I will defend this city and this is the sign to you from the Lord that the Lord
sign to you from the Lord that the Lord
sign to you from the Lord that the Lord will do this thing which he has spoken
will do this thing which he has spoken
will do this thing which he has spoken behold I will bring the shadow on the
behold I will bring the shadow on the
behold I will bring the shadow on the sundial which has gone down with the Sun
sundial which has gone down with the Sun
sundial which has gone down with the Sun on the sundial of Ahaz 10 degrees
on the sundial of Ahaz 10 degrees
on the sundial of Ahaz 10 degrees backward so the Sun returned ten degrees
backward so the Sun returned ten degrees
backward so the Sun returned ten degrees on the dial by which it had gone down
on the dial by which it had gone down
on the dial by which it had gone down this is the writing of Hezekiah king of
this is the writing of Hezekiah king of
this is the writing of Hezekiah king of Judah when he had been sick and had
Judah when he had been sick and had
Judah when he had been sick and had recovered from his sickness I said in
recovered from his sickness I said in
recovered from his sickness I said in the prime of my life I shall go to the
the prime of my life I shall go to the
the prime of my life I shall go to the gates of shield
gates of shield
gates of shield I am deprived of the remainder of my
I am deprived of the remainder of my
I am deprived of the remainder of my ears I said I shall not see yah the Lord
ears I said I shall not see yah the Lord
ears I said I shall not see yah the Lord in the land of the living
in the land of the living
in the land of the living I shall observe man no more among the
I shall observe man no more among the
I shall observe man no more among the inhabitants of the world my lifespan is
inhabitants of the world my lifespan is
inhabitants of the world my lifespan is gone taken from me like a shepherd's
gone taken from me like a shepherd's
gone taken from me like a shepherd's tent I have cut off my life like a
tent I have cut off my life like a
tent I have cut off my life like a weaver he cuts me off from the loom from
weaver he cuts me off from the loom from
weaver he cuts me off from the loom from day until night you make an end of me I
day until night you make an end of me I
day until night you make an end of me I have considered until morning like a
have considered until morning like a
have considered until morning like a lion so he breaks all my bones from day
lion so he breaks all my bones from day
lion so he breaks all my bones from day until night you make an end of me like a
until night you make an end of me like a
until night you make an end of me like a crane or a swallow so I shattered I
crane or a swallow so I shattered I
crane or a swallow so I shattered I mourned like a dove my eyes fail from
mourned like a dove my eyes fail from
mourned like a dove my eyes fail from looking upward ho Lord I am oppressed
looking upward ho Lord I am oppressed
looking upward ho Lord I am oppressed undertake for me
undertake for me
undertake for me what should I say he has both spoken to
what should I say he has both spoken to
what should I say he has both spoken to me and he himself has done it I shall
me and he himself has done it I shall
me and he himself has done it I shall walk carefully all my years in the
walk carefully all my years in the
walk carefully all my years in the bitterness of my soul Oh Lord by these
bitterness of my soul Oh Lord by these
bitterness of my soul Oh Lord by these things men live and in all these things
things men live and in all these things
things men live and in all these things is the life of my spirit so you will
is the life of my spirit so you will
is the life of my spirit so you will restore me and make me live indeed it
restore me and make me live indeed it
restore me and make me live indeed it was for my own peace that I had great
was for my own peace that I had great
was for my own peace that I had great bitterness but you have lovingly
bitterness but you have lovingly
bitterness but you have lovingly delivered my soul from the pit of
delivered my soul from the pit of
delivered my soul from the pit of corruption for you have cast all my sins
corruption for you have cast all my sins
corruption for you have cast all my sins behind your back for she all cannot
behind your back for she all cannot
behind your back for she all cannot thank you
thank you
thank you death cannot praise you those who go
death cannot praise you those who go
death cannot praise you those who go down to the pit cannot hope for your
down to the pit cannot hope for your
down to the pit cannot hope for your truth the living the living man he shall
truth the living the living man he shall
truth the living the living man he shall praise you as I do this day the father
praise you as I do this day the father
praise you as I do this day the father shall make known your truth to the
shall make known your truth to the
shall make known your truth to the children the Lord was ready to save me
children the Lord was ready to save me
children the Lord was ready to save me therefore we will sing my songs with
therefore we will sing my songs with
therefore we will sing my songs with stringed instruments all the days of our
stringed instruments all the days of our
stringed instruments all the days of our life in the house of the Lord now Isaiah
life in the house of the Lord now Isaiah
life in the house of the Lord now Isaiah had said let them take a lump of figs
had said let them take a lump of figs
had said let them take a lump of figs and apply it as a poultice on the boil
and apply it as a poultice on the boil
and apply it as a poultice on the boil and he shall recover
and he shall recover
and he shall recover and Hezekiah had said what is the sign
and Hezekiah had said what is the sign
and Hezekiah had said what is the sign that I shall go up to the house of the
that I shall go up to the house of the
that I shall go up to the house of the Lord